produce:op_craft cart at bench
consume:ingot	5
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft bench
consume:plank	4


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_craft furnace at bench
consume:cobble	8
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
consume:stick	2
consume:plank	3
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft rail at bench
consume:ingot	6
consume:stick	1
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_craft rail at bench
consume:ingot	6
consume:stick	1
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft cart at bench
consume:ingot	5
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft cart at bench
consume:ingot	5
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft bench
consume:plank	4


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_craft furnace at bench
consume:cobble	8
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
consume:plank	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
consume:plank	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_craft cart at bench
consume:ingot	5
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft bench
consume:plank	4


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_craft furnace at bench
consume:cobble	8
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
consume:plank	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
consume:plank	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_craft cart at bench
consume:ingot	5
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft bench
consume:plank	4


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_craft furnace at bench
consume:cobble	8
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
consume:stick	2
consume:plank	3
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft plank
consume:wood	1


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
consume:ingot	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
consume:cobble	3
consume:stick	2
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft rail at bench
consume:ingot	6
consume:stick	1
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stick
consume:plank	2


produce:op_craft rail at bench
consume:ingot	6
consume:stick	1
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
consume:coal	1
consume:ore	1
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft cart at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft bench


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_craft furnace at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft stick


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft rail at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stick


produce:op_craft rail at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft cart at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft bench


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_craft furnace at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft stick


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft rail at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stick


produce:op_craft rail at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft cart at bench
produce:op_craft cart at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft bench


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_craft furnace at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stone_pickaxe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft wooden_pickaxe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_craft stick


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_craft plank


produce:op_iron_axe for wood
requires:iron_axe	1


produce:op_craft iron_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_stone_axe for wood
requires:stone_axe	1


produce:op_craft stone_axe at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_axe for wood
requires:wooden_axe	1


produce:op_punch for wood


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_wooden_pickaxe for cobble
requires:wooden_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for cobble
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for cobble
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft rail at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_craft stick


produce:op_craft rail at bench
requires:bench	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_smelt ore in furnace
requires:furnace	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for coal
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for coal
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


produce:op_iron_pickaxe for ore
requires:iron_pickaxe	1


produce:op_stone_pickaxe for ore
requires:stone_pickaxe	1


